## Your Project Answers

### Project Description

So basically, our final project is a two-person/team arithmetic game. We will have one person act as the player who decides the simple arithmetic problem and inputs this into the board using the two buttons (SW1 and SW3 for the arithmetic operators where pressing the SW1 once will encode a +, pressing it twice will encode a -, and so on) and the capacitive touch slider for numbers (0-9), where we will keep displaying the numbers 0-9 on the LCD display and the user can slide their finger across the slider until they reach their desired number. We will have this operation be displayed on the LCD display for the other player to view the operation and then answer it. So, the other player tries to figure out the answer and input it into the board and we will display it on the LCD display. Since the answer will only be numbers, we will make this user do the same thing with the capacitive touch slider as the other user. We will be flashing the Green LED to indicate that it is player 1’s  (the one who is giving the questions) turn and flashing the Red LED to indicate that it is player 2’s  (the one who is answering the questions) turn. We keep track of the rounds and scores of each player and will display these on the Computer screen (terminal). The player answering the question will get 1 point if they answer the question correctly and the correct answer will be computed by us based on the question given by player 1. Otherwise, the player who gives the question will get the point. We will blink the Green LED for like 3 seconds if the answer was correct and the Red LED if the answer was incorrect. We will have three rounds and declare the winner after passing through the first three rounds. We will blink the Green LED for like 5 seconds to indicate that Player 1 is the winner if that is the case or Red LED if player 2 is the winner. The game resets automatically and the players can switch roles or keep their same roles. We will also add logic for the users to reset the game in the middle if they would like to by tapping the capacitive touch slider like 2 times. Also, if the user taps 1 time, we will have the logic to clear the input they were entering with the slider and the buttons and then they can start entering their input again. We can also add a feature to check for invalid input and let the user know by blinking a Red LED and Green LED at the same time. For additional features depending on the time we have left after doing all the functionality above, we will try to add a sound feature that plays a pleasing sound when the user answers the question correctly and a displeasing sound when they answer the question incorrectly.
### Technical Approach

We believe everything that we want to use is already on the board, so we probably don’t require any peripherals as of our initial plans. So we are planning to use the two buttons (SW1 and SW3), the capacitive touch slider, LCD display, and the two LEDs (Green and Red LED). We basically have the setup of the LEDs (the util files given to us in previous labs), and now we just have to find the documentation and any source code available for the slider, LCD display, and the buttons. So we would have to download and install the necessary libraries to use the features. In addition to these board features, we are planning to connect the board to our laptop and use a terminal based version of keeping track of the rounds and scores. In order to do this, we will use the PuTTY terminal and the UART communication protocol. We would need to find example code and documentation for using the PuTTY terminal and the UART serial communication. Moreover, we are planning to use C programming to do all of our functionality (if-else statements, loops, and other C-constructs that we learned during the semester), and we will create .c and .h files as needed. The concepts from class that we are planning to use are LED initialization and other functions for LEDs, GPIO, other ports, PIT timer, and interrupts and interrupt handlers, etc. for all the board features such as the buttons, LEDs, and the touch slider. Also, we are also planning to use a concurrency feature where the LEDs constantly blink (green or red) to indicate the users’ turn while they input their numbers into the board as of our initial plans. We are also using the concept of communication protocols as well. All the concepts that we will be utilizing are similar to labs 1, 2, and 3. In terms of locks and processes, we are not really creating a complicated concurrency system with mutual exclusion and a real time system, so we won’t need to use these concepts. But we might add them if time permits and can add more features from these concepts if possible.
## Your page
You can access your place holder page on [https://pages.github.coecis.cornell.edu/ece3140-sp2023/ed433-kp386/](https://pages.github.coecis.cornell.edu/ece3140-sp2023/ed433-kp386/).

You edit you page in the gh-page branch of this repo.